SYNTHETIC SAMPLE LABEL - FOR PIPELINE TESTING ONLY, NOT FOR CLINICAL USE
Replace with real DailyMed data via scripts/fetch_dailymed.py before demoing.

IBUPROFEN TABLETS, USP

DESCRIPTION
Ibuprofen is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with analgesic
and antipyretic properties. Each tablet contains 200 mg or 400 mg of
ibuprofen for oral administration.

INDICATIONS AND USAGE
Ibuprofen is indicated for the temporary relief of minor aches and pains
associated with headache, muscular aches, backache, minor arthritis pain,
toothache, and for reduction of fever.

DOSAGE AND ADMINISTRATION
Adults and children 12 years and over: take 1 tablet (200 mg) every 4 to 6
hours while symptoms persist. If pain or fever does not respond to 1
tablet, 2 tablets (400 mg) may be used. Do not exceed 6 tablets (1200 mg)
in 24 hours unless directed by a doctor. Do not use for more than 10 days
for pain, or 3 days for fever, unless directed by a doctor.

CONTRAINDICATIONS
Do not use if you have ever had an allergic reaction to any other pain
reliever/fever reducer. Do not use right before or after heart surgery.

WARNINGS
NSAIDs may cause an increased risk of serious cardiovascular thrombotic
events, myocardial infarction, and stroke. This risk may increase with
duration of use. NSAIDs may also increase the risk of serious
gastrointestinal adverse events including bleeding, ulceration, and
perforation of the stomach or intestines.

ADVERSE REACTIONS
Most common adverse reactions include gastrointestinal events such as
nausea, dyspepsia, diarrhea, abdominal pain, and constipation. Less
commonly reported: dizziness, headache, rash.

DRUG INTERACTIONS
Concomitant use with aspirin, other NSAIDs, corticosteroids, anticoagulants
such as warfarin, or SSRIs may increase the risk of gastrointestinal
bleeding. Ibuprofen may reduce the antihypertensive effect of ACE
inhibitors and diuretics.

USE IN SPECIFIC POPULATIONS
Pregnancy: avoid use in pregnant women starting at 20 weeks gestation, as
NSAIDs are associated with fetal renal dysfunction. Pediatric use: safety
and effectiveness in children under 2 years have not been established for
over-the-counter use.

OVERDOSAGE
Symptoms of acute overdose include nausea, vomiting, epigastric pain, and
more rarely diarrhea, headache, tinnitus, and gastrointestinal bleeding. In
severe poisoning, metabolic acidosis and renal failure may occur. Treatment
is supportive; contact a poison control center.

HOW SUPPLIED
Tablets are supplied in bottles of 24, 50, and 100 count.
